Add report json schema (#744)
openwebdocs/mdn-bcd-collector: types/report.md

# The report JSON schema

> This document details the structure of reports produced by
> https://mdn-bcd-collector.appspot.com/ and potentially other tooling.

Reviewer: The Appspot version is discontinued, so let's update the URL:

```suggestion
This document details the structure of reports produced by https://mdn-bcd-collector.gooborg.com/.
```

## JSON structure

Below is an example of the report data:

```json
{
  "__version": "10.2.4",
  "results": {

>     "https://mdn-bcd-collector.example/tests/": [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "https://mdn-bcd-collector.gooborg.com/tests/": [
```
